feat(sdk-metrics)!: drop deprecated `type` field on `MetricDescriptor` (#5291)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: - [ ] - - [ ]

### :boom: Breaking Change

> * feat(exporter-prometheus)!, feat(shim-opencensus)!: drop support for the deprecated `type` field on `MetricDescriptor` [#5291](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/5291)

Author: Not exactly sure what to say here, there is probably more to say, since, [as the test shown](experimental/packages/opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus/test/PrometheusExporter.test.ts) this change can have noticeable impact

Reviewer 2: Hmm, maybe something like this. 🤔
I think the noticeable change will be the one in the Prometheus exporter. 

```suggestion
* feat(exporter-prometheus)!: stop the using `type` field to enforce naming conventions [#5291](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/5291)
  * Any non-monotonic sums will now be treated as counters and will therefore include the `_total` suffix.
* feat(shim-opencenus)!: stop mapping removed Instrument `type` to OpenTelemetry metrics [#5291](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/5291)
  * The internal OpenTelemetry data model dropped the concept of instrument type on exported metrics, therefore mapping it is not necessary anymore.  
```
